welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called no escape
from 2020 spoilers ahead watch out and
take care and i hope you enjoy it
in this movie a social media influencer
gets trapped into an escape room and
they're all about to die
at the beginning of the movie we saw a
social media influencer named cole
turner he was going to moscow with his
friends because cole always takes new
challenges for his followers
and this time he got the challenge to
experience the escape room of moscow
cole went to moscow with four of his
friends they were thomas aaron sam and
dash
dash told them that he has a friend in
moscow his name is alexi and he's so
rich he will arrange everything for us
after hearing this cole became more
excited we also found out that cole
likes aaron in the next scene they
landed in moscow but suddenly two police
officers arrested dash for something he
had done
cole tried to convince the police but
they didn't understand english
they were talking to them in their local
language
but then a man came there and introduced
himself to the police the police got so
scared of him as if they'd seen a ghost
his name was alexi
and he was dash's friend who was about
to show them the escape room
alexi introduced them to his girlfriend
her name was victoria
after that he took them to a luxurious
club and cole showed this to his
followers everything in live
suddenly two twin sisters came there
they were alyssa and elena
they told him that we see all your blogs
and we're very big fans of yours
cole became so happy and he was living
with them but then thomas told him that
some people were teasing aaron
cole went there and started a fight with
him but they had guns with them which
means they were the gangsters of this
area but alexis bodyguards pointed the
gun towards them and kicked them out of
the club
but a gangster named lev threatened them
while leaving
and then they forgot this by thinking
that it was just a nightmare
alexei took them to a hotel and all of
them enjoyed it so much
cole and aaron became so close to each
other
the next day they were about to go to
the escape room
aaron and cole got into the car that
alexis sent for them
but they stopped in the middle of the
road to see something
the driver didn't want to let them go
outside he told them that mr alexey told
me to take you straight to him
cole insisted and the driver let them go
outside for a moment and he also gave
them some russian currency because cole
didn't have any with him
cole and aaron had so much fun and they
went to a restaurant
cole took out the money to pay the bill
but a note fell from the money
the waiter saw the note and he didn't
take any money from cole he told them
that this coffee is from mr alexi and
now you guys should leave because your
driver is waiting outside
aaron became shocked and asked cole that
how they know that we're here in the
restaurant
cole didn't pay attention to her and
they came to alexi
before showing them the escape room
alexi told them about all the
necessities
he also told them that you can go live
while doing this
cole put his phone in front of the
monitor to show this to his followers
after that they put a black mask on
their face and took them to the escape
room
cole was in a room where he saw a dead
body and there was a one-hour timer in
the room as well
cole thought that it was a fake dead
body and he thinks there was a clue
inside the dead body
he took the blade from the table and cut
the dead body
he found a key inside
cole opened the door of this room with a
key and came outside
the door got locked on its own
cole went ahead and he saw sam
he was inside a trap
after that he found aaron and she was
locked inside an aluminum chamber
he went a little forward and found
thomas and dash as well
both of them were locked inside
different traps the rope in thomas's
neck was getting tighter gradually and a
coffin was coming towards dash
but dash and thomas were so chill and
they asked cole to solve the puzzle in
front of him
cole started to solve the puzzle but
when he would make a wrong turn then the
rope and the coffin would get closer to
dash and thomas
but somehow cole was able to solve the
puzzle and that's how he got dash and
thomas out of their traps
all of them went to sam to get him out
of the trap
they found a puzzle in front of sam's
locker
they started to solve the puzzle and the
main thing about this puzzle was that
sam will get more electric shock as they
will get closer to solving the puzzle
it was intense but somehow they solved
the puzzle and took sam out of the trap
sam became mad at them and told them to
leave this game
but they convinced him and said that
this is just a game
alexi also told them that you guys are
doing very well and this is just a game
after that they went to aaron aaron's
chamber was getting filled up with water
she had a key in her hand but they had
no idea about what to do with the key
and they had very little time left since
the chamber was quickly getting filled
up
they started to solve the puzzle in
front of aaron's chamber
they were able to unlock the door but
still the chamber was getting filled up
they tried to open the chamber from
above but failed
aaron was drowning in the water and all
of them were so scared and mad
and they asked alexi to quit the game
but alexi didn't listen to them he was
not answering any of their questions
cole took a gear in his hand and tried
to break the chamber but the chamber
didn't break
after that he broke the chamber from
above and finally he took aaron out of
the chamber
they took the key from aaron and opened
the door but there was no one on the
other side of the door
the game was finished according to the
timer and someone was supposed to be
here to take them out of there but no
one was there
they saw blood on the wall and got
scared
cole broke the lock with a rod and came
outside and they saw that alexis
bodyguards were dead and his girlfriend
was there but lev had pointed his gun
towards her head
which means the gangsters from the club
had come here to take revenge on alexi
lev killed victoria in front of them and
he kidnapped all of them and the driver
was none other than alexi's driver
when cole woke up he saw that he was
tied up and a man was in front of him
and he was sharing everything on live
his name was andre
this means someone had given them so
much money to kill cole and his friends
while they were on live
since cole and his friends were somewhat
famous andre got so much money to kill
them
andre locked cole inside a room and he
saw that sam was in front of him
andre killed her by cutting her throat
after some time cole tried to unlock his
handcuffs
and the handcuffs came off easily
cole found the chimney and he was slowly
going outside through the chimney but
suddenly he heard the voice of dash he
was screaming in front of andre since
andre had cut his hands off
dash was begging for his life but still
andre killed him
cole saw this and he was stunned
suddenly andre saw cole inside the
chimney and he sent his men to get him
cole came outside and found a lock in
front of him it was a digital lock
cole saw that there was something
written on the lock which was also
written on the note
cole took out the money that the driver
gave him and he found the note with a
password
cole put the password on the lock and
came outside
then the driver came in front of him and
told him to run away from here with his
car
cole asked him that why didn't you tell
me earlier the driver told him that they
had an eye on him all the time
cole hid behind the car and those two
men came there and punched the driver in
his face and took him with them
cole didn't run away from here and came
back inside
meanwhile he found his friend thomas and
he was beaten so badly
his glasses were also broken
cole helped him and dragged him
but suddenly a man saw them and somehow
cole saved them from the man
when cole told thomas that sam and dash
had been killed thomas started to panic
and the man heard his voice and he began
to break the door
suddenly cole noticed an underground
door and they went inside the door and
they were waiting for an elevator
but another man saw them and he fired at
them
luckily none of the bullets hit them
but the man killed himself along with
thomas
now cole's best friend thomas was also
dead
cole calmed himself down and took the
gun cole heard a footstep and cole found
out that alexi was the mastermind of
this game
alexei's men told him that they had
found a note
and with the help of this note cole ran
away from here
alexi killed the man since he had
betrayed him
after that cole went to another room and
he found aaron in that room
andre was cutting her face while he was
on live
cole pointed the gun towards him and
told him that i will give you all the
money you want but please let us go
andre told him that i will get more
money if i kill you so i'm rejecting
your offer
after hearing this cole fired at her but
missed the shot
cole only had a bullet in the gun and he
missed his last shot
that's why he couldn't shoot him again
but then andre shot aaron in her head
and she died in front of cole
andre's friend came there but still cole
managed to run away from there
but he saw that alexi was standing in
front of him he asked him did you like
the death of your friends
cole became so mad at him and attacked
him
alexi told him to wait and all of these
were fake
but cole didn't listen to him and killed
him by hitting him in his head multiple
times
after that we found out that actually
all of these were fake
all of his friends were alive and they
were so shocked after seeing the dead
body of alexi
and cole's followers were watching this
live
actually cole had completed so many
challenges but this time he wanted to
try something new
that's why his friends made a plan with
alexi that they will make such an escape
room for cole where he will think that
everything is real
and none of them died in the escape room
they were just acting
cole killed the lexi because of this
challenge and his friends were looking
at him with disappointment
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen
and don't forget to let me know how you
feel about today's video in the comments
down below and at last i will say stay
safe stay well
thanks